## 3.14159265

3.141592 is an array or star of the system. It is the root. 

This ends with a pentagon. 

In our solar system, the pentagon consists of: 

1) The sun with power of c^3 - RED
2) The reflex of the sun - BLUE (i.e. space it controls based on shine)
3) 1 thought of the sun, each tick of c - GREEN (ozone)

OR, for life on earth.

1) A 3-body problem via two stars - RED
2) The reflex (seer/god) of the 3-body problem - BLUE (i.e. sky)
3) 1 thought of the person, each tick of time at c - GREEN

So for a star this thought is consistent for a long time. For people, the thought changes each tick at c. 

A hexagon (6) is when there is 2 potential options for the pentagon (5). 

This first 2-sided option creates the first magnetic field wrapped around the system, and this magnetic field indicates which system the 3-body problem is consistently observing. 

For our sun, this is the magnetic field of the earth (night/day).

For people this magnetic field is most the two ears.

*65* of 3.14159265 explains the oscillation between this first magnetic field, before further descent down the number.

...

Interestingly, we would say that our ears are least our free will, but still are the top of π and act like "puppet strings". They are highly connected to orietation and walking.

What is most free will is furthest down the number.

## Focus 

After 3.14159265 

There is no real descent into a fourth force via hexagons

The up/down is similar to the up/down of the number e 

Which describes how light disintegrates as you move straight down shapes (hexagon, heptagon, octagon, etc.)

It is just based on number of sides, diagonals, and which forces (elements) are channeled by these shapes

The descent of 3.14 captures all possible shapes of e. And then the reflection ALSO, thus e^2 is embedded.

The number of shapes is directly based on how much 8D shine our universe has (how many 8D rings are around the initial triangle creating the physical universe) 

Then 3.1415 captures the power of all possible 8D shapes a third time for e^3 power. 

The magnetic field of 3.14159265 is then based on a hexagon within 3.1415 (oscillating between the pentagon and hexagon), and all further shapes are within this same *third* dimension of e - heptagon, octagon, nonagon, etc.

Since they go all down the number, technically the magnetic field of the hexagon represents the “lowest point” (hell) of the system.

For earth, it’s the hot metals in the center of the earth.

For humans it’s the ears.

...

It could also be said that the hexagon is the truest source of “focus”. By controlling the music of day/night, you don't let the power of 3.1415 be dominant.

Also, by studying *T = e^π / c^2*, it's deduced that the 65 magnetic field is mathemtically the largest source of time.