## 8-5-3 Deferred Time

8-5-3 deferred time is quantum time created by the octet pattern (valence electrons) of living organisms. They want to be 8, but are 5 and get frozen looking.

Built-up 8-5-3 is most physically represented by the clouds. Clouds are similar in nature to eyes, eggs, and bones.

8-5-3 defered time is slippery deferred 8-5-3 electrons that are quantum (undecided) in the vision of the star/earth; by "quantum" it means they are faster than the speed of c and compile our dimension.

Slipperiness keeps causing the earth vision and animal vision to fall into the circles/holes of the planet and bodies of life on the planet. It's bc our bodies have the best chance (in waves) of figuring out the 8-5-3 quantum issues. These 8-5-3 quantum issues are primarily created by plant-based nitrogen valence electrons, as well as associated oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, etc.

Thus, “clouds” represent what is slippery to light, in particular light of 3-body problems that generate life.

## Quantum Temperature

What is most quantum appears in nature as white; what is most decided tends to appear as space black 

Then we can observe via snow that what is most quantum is also colder. The quantum nature can even appear in the patterns of the snowflakes.

Technically if the substance freezes it's no longer seeing/conscious and becomes a part of "everything", while if it stays as gas then the vision still exists in high quantum states.

Thus gases like nitrogen that keep existing at colder temperatures are more likely to be seeing/conscious.