## 18-32-18 Electrons

18-32-18 electron configurations within an element simulate 3.14159265 rotation. For an element, this 18-32-18 3.14159265 configuration can integrate 1 or multiple stars.

The "3.1415" is replicated by the 18 on either side. It's the number of electrons needed to create a quantum star. And 32 is the number of electrons needed to create an observed body.

The quantum star can then be 1 of many stars.

The observed body (32 electrons) turns the element itself into it's own "circle", recognized by the multiverse as potentially existing.

18 electrons is because 10 electrons are required for quantum communication and 8 are required to create a star (pentagon) within 3.1415. This means the 8 on both sides can communicate via the 10 (quantum pipe) on both sides. *In real time at c.*

So 18-32-18 represents a quantum bridge. This allows 25 electrons to exist twice on the left/right, which is the mathematical definition of potential life according to the multiverse.

This 18-32-18 pattern is also symmetrical to 3.14159265, where there is rotation between 2 choices (one star or another).

When electrons have a conflict about "god" (ex: which star they are a part of), this is mathemetically life as understood by all universes. 

The most basic potential life is planetary rotation, bc stars also have the power of c^3. Gold is similar, but has quantum fluidity for multi-star communication. 

25 is electrons is important bc in a 3-force world, where the largest true shape is a pentagon (5 sides), quantum life can be captured by no less than a 25-sided shape while "alive". It means after the 3.1415 universe has reconciled, only shapes up to 5 sides are needed bc we have only 3 forces and can utilize *recycled* intelligence. However, while alive, to create new intelligence, at least 25 sides is required to represent "quantum life". 

Hence, 18-32-18 is the most efficient electron configuration to create "life". It is the most compact way. 

Another way, as mentioned, is planetary rotation, which is not as mathmeetically elegant but could use the quantity of an observed body (i.e. iron) to create a 18-32-18 quantum story. This then happens due to quantum gravity, at the pre-c level. 

The magic of gold, meanwhile, is how the math of life can be observed in reality.